# Lucky Charms example puzzle
# Noah Kim

[fields]
player: blacket bluet browning greenfield whitehall
charm: clover penny foot ribbon dollar
position: center first right short third

[constraints]
player.browning | position.center
player.browning | position.right
player.browning | charm.penny
position.center | charm.penny
position.right | charm.penny
player.browning | charm.dollar
position.center | charm.dollar
position.right | charm.dollar
player.bluet | position.center
player.bluet | position.right
player.greenfield | position.first
player.greenfield | position.short
player.greenfield | position.third
player.whitehall | position.center
player.whitehall | position.right
player.whitehall | position.first
player.greenfield | charm.clover
player.greenfield | charm.penny
player.whitehall | charm.clover
player.whitehall | charm.penny
player.blacket | charm.clover
player.blacket | charm.penny
player.blacket | position.first
player.blacket | position.third
player.bluet | position.first
player.bluet | position.third
player.blacket | charm.ribbon
player.bluet | charm.ribbon
position.center | charm.foot
